OBJECTIVE:
The objective of the game is to get a "sequence" of 4 pegs either
vertically, horizontally, or diagonally. The first player to get 2
"sequences" wins the game! It is possible to play more, if you are interested.

PREPARATION:
Jokers must be discarded from the deck. The oldest player should deal out 7 cards
to themself and their opponent. Or decide on your own who deals the cards.
The youngest player should go first, or you can flip a coin to decide who goes first.

Decide what color they want to be -- either red or yellow. You may use other colors, if you'd like.

RULES:
1. Each player in turn places any one of the cards they are holding face up on a discard pile visible
to their opponent. The player places a peg in the corresponding card printed on the playing surface.

2. There are 4 Jacks in the card deck. If you get any them in your hand, you would have a wild card,
which means you can use it to move to any open square on the board. That completes your turn. When you
make a move with a Jack, the space that you move on is no longer a valid card and is considered a Dead
Card (more on that in #3). You cannot remove a peg that is already part of a completed Sequence. Once a
Sequence is achieved by a player, it cannot be broken. You may play a Jack whenever they work best for
your strategy during your turn.

3. If you hold a card in your hand which does not have an open space on the playing surface because the
space representing that card is covered by previous use of a wild card, you are holding a Dead Card and
it will automatially be removed from your hand or from the list of available cards (wherever it is) as the game goes on. You will automatically receive a new card after a Dead Card is removed. You can still make your normal move while all of this is happening.

4. Once you have taken your turn and placed your peg on the playing surface, you may draw a replacement
card from the deck. If you fail to draw your replacement card before the next player makes a move AND
draws their replacement card, you lose the right to draw a replacement card and you must finish the game
with less cards than the other player.

**Note: When entering your moves, make sure you use abbreviations for cards.
Example:
KD (means King of Diamonds)